**Shepador AI - Changing the way things are decided, and stuff gets done.Mankinds AI bestfriend**
##UPDATE## 04-04-2026##

After fighting through 66 revisions and fighting with bugs and issues I've concluded that the core architecture platform couldn't handle the neural network that I designed. So I built an entire platform around the neural net instead of a platform for the neural net. So far the new platform which allows the Lily's neural net to flourish unencumbered by protocols and pipelines seems to be working Great. On our current trajectory we should see a strip down version without all the proprietary IP but the neural network design which is not patented it's going to be open sourced, released on GitHub within the next two weeks.

##The GitHub release will be a fully functional AI pipeline stack with one manager thinking AI and eight specialists all of which will be seeded when you compile the code and connect to Lily's blockchain . We're calling them worker nodes and they'll function in two ways with the user having the choice of which way it functions. It can function independently without the blockchain which will significantly reduce its capability or it can function as an independent member of the blockchain anonymously sharing learned data and a proof of work blockchain where the actual work done by the AI stack and the knowledge contribution is the proof of work and will be rewarded with crypto coins.

##The other functions the blockchain will provide is a distributing computer networking using a bit torrent type technology completely anonymous but if your AI stack is on a hardware like a raspberry pie and you need more computing power you can pay to get distributed computing power from the network and the members of the network that contribute the computing power will be paid in crypto coins. Additionally if you need it an additional expert pre-programmed into your AI stack you can pay a small fee and really will seed and add an additional AI expert into your stack via the blockchain.

##
